---
layout: page
title: My name is Alex, and I'm a huge nerd ...
tags: []
comments: false
share: false
---

... Always have been, and I plan on keeping it that way. In the summer of 2017
I completed my undergraduate degree in Computer Science at the University of
Michigan.

I currently work as a research assistant for Dr. Eric M. Schwartz, researching
methods for optimizing the lead service line replacement effort in the City of
Flint. I also personally administrate a web application used by city officials
every day to track and manage the service line replacement effort.

I was the Communications Chair of the Michigan Data Science Team
[(MDST)](http://midas.umich.edu/mdst), a club which competes in data science
prediction challenges and performs pro-bono data analysis for good causes. We
have worked with the City of Flint, the City of Detroit, and the University
Musical Society, performing pro-bono data analysis as a totally volunteer
organization. As an organization, we have produced research on these topics,
with papers accepted in conference proceedings at KDD conference, Bloomberg's
_Data for Good Exchange_, and University of Chicago's _Data Science For Social
Good_.  In the past, I have been a board member of [MSAIL](http://msail.org),
organizing weekly academic reading group meetings on staple topics of modern
Machine Learning like backpropagation and variational inference.

I co-founded a new class at UM called [EECS 398: Computing for Computer
Scientists](https://c4cs.github.io), a course which aims to take recent
undergraduates in computer science and turn them into command line wizards.
I TA'd the course for my last three semesters.

My Erdős number is 4, thanks to Jacob Abernethy (and his colleague Manfred K.
Warmuth, and his colleague Shlomo Moran, and of course, Paul Erdős).

Here's my [resume]({{ site.url }}/assets/resume/thealex-resume.pdf)!
