---
layout: post
title: "Rat-a-tat-tat"
excerpt: "A poem about work & life balance."
modified:
share: false
tags: []
---

Rat-a-tat-tat
ba-ba-bat
wa-chat


Fast claps and crashes
resonate out the attic out 948 Greenwood.
The patters modulate
and congregate,
condense and contract, they react to what I feel
what you know.
I've been told you reap what you sow
but up until now its this flow
of rhythms that keeps me from succumbing to the undertow.

You see my music is an escape,
not a place to placate-
Its dangerous in that way,
because another distraction
is a possible reaction
to the fear that I might not be working enough.

Procrastination is a common thread-
the parallel processes across the distributed network of the neurons that make up my conscious mind find that
tossing and turning
equates to learning
among the moonlit covers
of my bed.

at night the fire is bright
restless and unending the flames dance until I jump to put them out.

I worry that if I'm not always hurrying towards the end of my life my life might end.
It's In this phraseology
my psychology is revealed,

I'm told the escape is good for me,
and it's easy to believe.
I'm told that work is what will bring me joy
I know love what I do but I think I love people more.

I love the rhymes they speak-
The lows and highs- its the peaks that stick out to me.
The crescendo in their voices
the melody in their emotions-
I'm drawn to my friends out of raw desire
until the fire
is lit under me
and it's all down to the wire
once again until I can break free.

Another all nighter and while that may seem extreme so would the habits I've held that help me blow off steam.

I'm a three beer queer so long as there isn't a fourth nearby

Work hard play hard, right?

Always the extremes- my life seems to play this theme
over and over
as if I fail to see the four leaf clovers
surrounding the black cat that distracts- she struts on by me like she was placed here to make me fear that I was going to fail right then and there- that if I wasn't in the library while another student was, all blame is deserved and fair. I think I need to be more aware.

I think what I need to do is accept that there will always be the option for escape-
and that I'll always want for it.

Whether it be in the rhythm of my drums
or the melody of my loved ones-
there will always be a time and place for these extremes.

the doubt that I'm working hard enough and the worry that I'm not living enough. But what would be a life without both?

I lived a life without contrast once but the recent past came to blast the mast and my sails whole sale off the USS "easy living" and I realized I just wasn't satisfied anymore.

And while it may seem from the description I've headed the warnings of past inscriptions I still find myself brushing against these ancient specters.

"Am I having too much fun?"
"Am I working too much?"

I'll think I'll drum.

Rat-a-tat-tat

...

pat-pat

...

_"Where has the time gone?"_

